{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red9\green79\blue209;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c40784\c85490;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww38400\viewh15360\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs34 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Discovery Flights\
A Discovery Flight is a great way to start your aviation\
journey. Ranging from 30-90 minutes each flight is customized to you and offers something new and exciting. Book the thrill of a lifetime and start flying today!\
\
30 minute local Discovery Flight $69\
Take a flight around Apopka and get familiar with our training area while being able to see the close view of the downtown Orlando skyline.\
\
1 hour Disney Flight $139\
Overfly all the Disney parks, Universal, Islands Of Adven- ture and Disney Springs! Don\'92t forget to take some pictures while you\'92re at it.\
\
90 minute NASA Flight $179\
Fly over the NASA Shuttle Landing Facility where the space shuttle once operated. On your way to the space coast enjoy the scenic view of Orlando, Sanford and other landmarks our instructors will point out along the way. This is a great flight for anyone who loves NASA.\
\
Airplane Rental Rates & Instruction Rates\
Cessna 150M: $105/hr Light-Sport: $105/hr Primary Instruction: $60/hr\'a0\
Advanced Instruction: $70/hr\
\
Sport Pilot\
Have you ever dreamed about flying? At Rene Aviation we can make that a reality! Becoming a Sport Pilot is the quickest, easiest and most economical way to get up in the air. At half the cost of a private pilot certificate a sport pilot certificate allows you to:\
\'95 Fly with up to one passenger\
\'95 No FAA medical required\
\'95 Fly during the daytime\
\'95 Fly anywhere within the continental U.S\
\
Sport Pilot Package\
20 hours of airplane rental $105/hr........................ $2100 15 hours of Instruction $60/hr ................................. $900 Books, headset and materials................................. $300 Total price: ........................................................... $3,300\
\
Private pilot\
Whether you are looking at starting your aviation career or you just want to fly as a hobby, obtaining a private pilot certificate is a great place to start. As a private pilot you can obtain your certificate in as little as 40 hours and\'a0\
\'95Fly day or night\'a0\
\'95 Fly anywhere in the world\'a0\
\'95 Operate bigger and faster airplanes than the sport pilot\'a0\
\
\
Private Pilot Package\
40 hours of airplane rental $105/hr....................... $4,200 25 hours of flight instruction $60/hr...................... $1,500 Books, headset and materials.................................. $ 300 Total price: ............................................................. $6000\
*Pay as you go or pay up front for the sport pilot or private pilot package to receive a 10% discount.\

\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Also under the courses tab can you add the private pilot and sport pilot courses?\
\
When you get it if you could add the sport and private pilot packages to the website that would be great and then the bio I sent you. Also under the fleet tab if you can add some pics of the airplane
\fs34 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Instrument Rating \
Are you ready to take the next step in your aviation journey? Than obtaining your instrument rating is the next step. The instrument rating allows you fly in weather minimums less than VFR. It will also make you a safer and more experienced pilot. \
\
Commercial Pilot Certificate \
Obtaining your commercial pilot certificate is the final step before you are able to receive compensation as a pilot. The commercial pilot certificate allows you to work as a flight instructor, charter pilot and aerial photography pilot just to name a few and the list goes on. Contact Rene Aviation for more information on how to become a commercial pilot.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Also I was thinking at the top of the website could we add another tab called promotions and if we have a promotion going on we can add it. Like a Valentine\'92s Day special or Christmas special?\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Yes like it we have no current promotions it will say check back later for a new promotion\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://p3plzcpnl454184.prod.phx3.secureserver.net:2083/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://p3plzcpnl454184.prod.phx3.secureserver.net:2083/}}\
tr60pv5yrpx4\
Reneaviation1!}